In this video we're going to take a look at the current URL.
We're going to see if there is a hash inside of it.
If there is.
We're going to encode the message and throw it into the DOM to get started.
We first need to figure out how we can just take a look at the current URL and determine whether or
not there is a hash inside of there.
So I'm want to generate a new message right now.
So a secret message it create and then visit that link and really importantly when you paste in that
your l makes sure there's only one hash character inside of here.
Technically right now if we start to generate multiple messages.
So notice how I just reloaded the page and I have a hash inside the current URL.
If I now generate another message I get a year L that is going to have two hash characters inside of
it.
But there's one and there's the other.
The reason for this is that every single time that we tried to generate a new message you all were taking
the current exact year l displayed inside that address bar and adding in an additional hash to it.
So as we start to generate more and more messages we're just going to get more and more hashes which
is definitely not what we really want.
This might seem like a real big bug but when we finally implement the final version of our application
this bug is going to fall away because essentially a user is never going to come back to this message
part or this generate message part with a hash inside the URL currently in the final version.
If there is a hash inside the URL a user will not see this form at all.
So this is just a little bug that you need to be aware of as we are testing this application.
So I'm going to once again make sure that I generate the message and get just one hash inside the url
like so if you have more than one then just go back to the H2 e-mail documents generate another message
and throw that Lincoln like so OK.
Now back on track how do we get access to that hash right there to get access to that hash.
We can do.
Once again window dot location
then inside this object you'll see that there is a hash property right there.
So pretty straightforward.
That's how we're gonna get that hash.
You will notice in addition that there is the hash character at the very start.
So that kind of pound symbol.
So we need to kind of remove that pound symbol right there and get just the rest of the string and then
decode that from a base 64 encoded string into a normal ASCII string instead.
So let's go back over to our index dot j ust file and write out some code to do that.
It's a back over here at the very top of first D structure hash off of window dot location.
Then do a console dot log.
And remember to go from a encoded hash or submit an encoded base64 string to an oral ASCII string we
call a to b before you pass in the hash to that thing we need to make sure that we first however remove
the hash character inside of it so we'll say hash dot replace hound with empty string it's going to
save that I'll put back over refresh the page and then as long as I do have a hash inside there right
now inside my address bar I should in fact see my encoded message I put in some gibberish.
So really quickly I'm going to generate a more meaningful message.
I'll say a secret message I'll get that link pasted in.
Hit enter.
You might have to hit reload.
And when I do so I see a secret message appear.
So it's definitely working correctly now that we can't get that message and decode it.
Let's add in some additional H T.M. to show it inside of kind of this nice looking frame right here
so let's take a quick pause first however and take care of generating the eastern oil for that in just
a moment.